feat: Add a reusable workflow for SCADE Python extensions (#113)
ansys/scade-actions: doc/source/workflows/scade-ext.rst

     -
   * - library-name
     - Name of the library, for example ``ansys-scade-apitools``.
     - String
     - True
     -
   * - repository-name
     - Name of the repository, for example ``ansys/scade-apitools``.
     - String
     - True
     -
   * - main-python-version
     - Python version used for the workflow, unless specified otherwise.
     - String
     - False
     - ``"3.12"``
   * - build-wheelhouse-versions
     - List of Python versions as a JSON list.
     - String
     - False
     - ``"['3.10']"``
   * - scade-tests-versions
     - List of Ansys SCADE versions as a JSON list.
     - String
     - True
     - ``"['25.1']"``
   * - python-tests-os
     - List of OS versions as a JSON list.
     - String
     - True
     - ``"['ubuntu-latest']"``
   * - python-tests-versions
     - List of Python versions as a JSON list.
     - String
     - False
     - ``"['3.10']"``

.. Note::

    A Boolean ``dry-test`` input, ``false`` by default, verifies the workflow configuration. The jobs log a message instead of executing their actions.

Outputs
=======

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 70
   :header-rows: 1

   * - **Name**
     - **Description**
   * - to-release

>      - Returns ``true`` if the public release action runs at the end of the workflow; otherwise, it returns ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Returns ``true`` if the public release action should be executed at the end of the workflow; otherwise, it returns ``false``.
```
